New: Docs - UI States [ED-4628] (#15961)
elementor/elementor: docs/core/common/assets/js/api/core/ui-states.md

*  **Methods**:

| Method                     | Params                                                   | Returns   | Description
|----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------
| `$e.uiStates.register()`   |`{UiStateBase}` *instance*   								| `{void}`  | Register a new UI state.
| `$e.uiStates.getAll()`     |                                                          | `{Object}`| Get all existing UI states with their options.
| `$e.uiStates.get()`        | `{String}` *state*                                       | `{Object}`| Get the state value, or return all of them if no `state` is set.
| `$e.uiStates.set()`        | `{String}` *state*, `{String}` *value*                   | `{void}`  | Set the current state value and trigger its callbacks & events.
| `$e.uiStates.remove()`     | `{String}` *state*                                       | `{void}`  | Remove a state.
| `$e.uiStates.getCurrent()` | `{String}` *state*                                       | `{string}`| Get the current state value.
* **Notes**:

> 	- Each UI state has its own options & callback for each option.

Reviewer: Each UI state has its options & callback for each option.

Author: Done.

	- When a UI state is being changed, it:
		- Adds a CSS class to the scope elements ( `e-ui-state--${ stateID }__${ value }` ) - Slashes are being replaced by hyphens ( e.g. `document/direction-mode` will become `document-direction-mode` ).
		- Dispatches a custom event to the scope elements ( `e-ui-state:${ stateID }`, e.g. `e-ui-state:document/direction-mode` ) with `oldValue` and `newValue` under `e.detail`.
	- Setting an invalid option to a state will throw an error.

## Guidelines, Conventions & Files Structure:
* Each UI state is owned by a [component](./components.md#guidelines-conventions--files-structure).
* Each [component](./components.md#guidelines-conventions--files-structure) can override the `defaultUiStates()` method to return a set of UI states of its own.

> * The UI states are imported via built-in method called `importUiStates()`.

Reviewer: The UI states are imported via a built-in

	* All the UI states should be exported in one index file:
	    ```javascript
		// ui-states/index.js
		export { DirectionMode } from './direction-mode';
		export { ColorPickingMode } from './color-picking-mode';
		```

> 	  You can have as many indexes as you wish in every hierarchy under `component/ui-states/some/long/path` in order to organize your code, but the requirement is to have a single index file

Reviewer: You can have as many indexes as you wish in every hierarchy under `component/ui-states/some/long/path` to organize

				return this.importUiStates( uiStates );
			}
		}
		```
* UI State conventions:
	```javascript
	import UiStateBase from 'elementor-api/core/states/ui-state-base';
	
	export class {FILE_NAME_CAMEL_CASE} extends UiStateBase {
		getId() {
			// A unique ID for the current namesapce ( unlsess you've changed the default prefix ).
			// Will be automatically prefixed with the component namespace by default.
			return {FILE_NAME_WITHOUT_EXTENSION};
		}
	
		getPrefix() {
			// Override the default prefix.
			return {CUSTOM_PREFIX_KEBAB_CASE};
		}
	
		getScopes() {
			// List of `HTMLElement`s that the state will dispatch events && add CSS classes to.
			// ( Defaults to `document.body` )
			return [
				window.document.body,
			];
		}
	
		getOptions() {
			// Object of options that the state can be set to, with an optional callback for each option.
			return {
				{OPTION_VALUE_KEBAB_CASE}: '',
				'on': ( oldValue, newValue ) => {
					// Callback that runs when the state is set to `on`.
				},
				'off': this.onStateOff,
			};
		}
 
		onChange( oldValue, newValue ) {
			// Callback that runs on state change.
			console.log( { oldValue, newValue } );
		}
	}
	```

>   > Legend

Reviewer: What does it mean?

Author: https://translate.google.com/?sl=iw&tl=en&text=%D7%9E%D6%B4%D7%A7%D7%A8%D6%B8%D7%90&op=translate

See also @iNewLegend's docs, it's the same as there.

		}
	}
	```
 
	Later on, on any state change, `onChange()` will be fired and will log the values to the console.
  
	In addition, a CSS class ( `e-ui-state--document-direction-mode__column` [ or `__row`, depends on the state value ] ) will be added to both of the scopes that we provided ( editor & preview in this case ).

	Plus, a custom event ( `e-ui-state:document/direction-mode` ) will be fired to the scopes, and we can listen to that
  	event using a simple `addEventListener()`:

	```javascript
	import { DIRECTION_ROW } from 'elementor-document/ui-states/direction-mode';
 
	// Change the `direction-mode` state:
	$e.uiStates.set( 'document/direction-mode', DIRECTION_ROW );
 
 
	// Listen to changes:
	window.document.body.addEventListener( 'e-ui-state:document/direction-mode', ( e ) => {
		const { oldValue, newValue } = e.detail;
		
		console.log( 'Direction mode changed', { oldValue, newValue } );
	} );

	// OR

	elementor.$previewContents[ 0 ].addEventListener( 'e-ui-state:document/direction-mode', ( e ) => {
		const { oldValue, newValue } = e.detail;
		
		console.log( 'Direction mode changed', { oldValue, newValue } );
	} );
	```

> ### [Back](../readme.md) 

Reviewer: Not sure if it should be added, but, don't you think maybe to write an explanation of why this feature has been added (reasons and such) and what benefits does it provide?

Author: Good idea
Done.

## API - `$e.uiStates`
*  **Description**: `$e.uiStates` API is a UI state manager that allows you to create custom UI states for your components.

>    It reflects the component's state in the UI itself and allows you to react accordingly

Reviewer 2: Please remove the `you` across the doc.
```suggestion
   It reflects the component's state in the UI itself and allows to react accordingly
```

Author: Done

>    We've added this API since we needed a way to reflect the component's state in the UI itself and react accordingly

Reviewer 2: Please remove all `we` / `you` / `us` etc. in the docs.

```suggestion
   It reflects the component's state in the UI itself and allows to react accordingly
```

Author: Done

   ( i.e. rotate icons, hide buttons, etc. ).  
*  **Location**: *core/common/assets/js/api/core/ui-states.js*
*  **Methods**:

| Method                     | Params                                                   | Returns   | Description
|----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------
| `$e.uiStates.register()`   |`{UiStateBase}` *instance*   								| `{void}`  | Register a new UI state.
| `$e.uiStates.getAll()`     |                                                          | `{Object}`| Get all existing UI states with their options.

> | `$e.uiStates.get()`        | `{String}` *state*                                       | `{Object}`| Get the state value, or return all of them if no `state` is set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `$e.uiStates.get()`        | `{String}` *state* (optional)                                       | `{Object}`| Get the state value, or return all of them if no `state` is set.
```

Author: Done

| `$e.uiStates.set()`        | `{String}` *state*, `{String}` *value*                   | `{void}`  | Set the current state value and trigger its callbacks & events.
| `$e.uiStates.remove()`     | `{String}` *state*                                       | `{void}`  | Remove a state.
| `$e.uiStates.getCurrent()` | `{String}` *state*                                       | `{string}`| Get the current state value.
* **Notes**:

> 	- Each UI state has options and an optional callback for each option ( a callback that will execute each time the state has changed to this value ).

Reviewer 2: Please remove all spaces between the text and the brackets, here and next.
```suggestion
	- Each UI state has options and an optional callback for each option (a callback that will execute each time the state has changed to this value).
```
